so good. Communication skills are really important, not just in psychology,
but you know, in a lot of different areas of life. So if you do
not if you know that you don't have good communication skills or if
you think your communication skills could be better, that's definitely
something that you wanna work on. Um, you could do it very formally
there. You know, people who specialize in this and you can pay
people toe make you into a better communicator. But there are other
ways to go about it, too. So, for instance, like speech and debate,
like people who do speech and debate really learn how to talk to other
people in a variety of contexts. Um, and most universities have,
like a speech and debate team that you can join and you will learn,
like, you know, methods of communication. Um, you can visit a therapist
and say, you know, I need to work on communication skills and they
can help you with that. You could just talk to your friends and say
I want to get better at communicating, and, you know, maybe you have
some ways that you want to do that, and you can say, Can you help
me? You know, can we have some conversations about topics and, you
know, let give me feedback on how I'm communicating with you So there's
a lot of ways to improve your communication skills. There are a
lot of books out there that you can read about improving communication
skills, So, um, I would definitely try to improve those. If you
think that that's an area of weakness for you, it'll be time and effort
well spent.